[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2017 superhero film Logan so
let's get started in 2029 no mutants
have been born in 25 years
Logan's healing ability has slowed and
his body has aged he spends his days
drinking and working as a limo driver in
El Paso Texas an abandoned plant he and
mutant tracker Caliban care for Charles
Xavier who suffers from a brain disease
causing him to lose control of his
telepathic abilities with destructive
effects Logan is approached by Gabriela
Lopez a former nurse from alkali
transition who asks him to escort her an
eleven-year-old Laura can lead to Eden a
refuge in North Dakota
Logan reluctantly accepts but finds
Gabriella dead at his hideout Logan is
confronted by Gabriella's killer
transition cyborg chief of security
Donald Pierce and his enforcers the
reefers who are looking for Laura
laura has stowed away in Logan's limo
and it is revealed she has powers
similar to Logan's she Logan and Charles
escape but Caliban is captured Logan and
Charles learn that Laura is one of the
several mutant children that a
transition created from mutant DNA
samples for use as weapons after they
prove difficult to control Gabriella and
the nurses help children escape
euthanasia Laura who was created from
Logan's DNA became separated when she
was smuggled into the u.s.
Logan discovers that Eden appears in
x-men comic in Laura's possession and
assumes it is fictional
the Reavers arrived but Charles
appearing to have a seizure and
capacitate sever e1 Logan kills the
attackers inject Cheryl's with a
suppressant and escapes dr. Zander rice
head of transit Jim convinces Caliban
that they will not
logan and charles and calvin can help
them by Laura Logan Laura and Charles
help a family after a traffic incident
the Mun sends an accepted offer of
dinner at their home x24 a feral clone
of Logan murders the family and Charles
Calvin sets of grenades in the
transition van where he's helped captive
killing himself many rivers and wounding
Pierce
Logan engages x24 but is outmatched and
is saved by wounded will Munson who dies
in the app after burying Charles Logan
passes out from rage and exhaustion
Laura convinces him to complete the
journey they arrive at Eden a camp run
by Richter and the other escaped test
subjects Laura discovers an auntie
mantium bullet Logan has kept since his
escape from Libman axe Logan decides to
separate from the children after
learning they are headed to Canada
the children are captured by the Reavers
Logan takes an overdose of serum given
to him by Richter that increases his
physical abilities and restores his
healing ability he slaughters most of
the Reavers and rescues Laura but the
serum wears off as Pierce holds Richter
at gunpoint Rice tells Logan who killed
Rice's father years ago while escaping
from Weapon X that the decline of mutant
is due to a transitional virus that Rice
created and distributed Logan shoots
rice dead and attacks Pierce a
regenerated X 24 engages Logan the
children kill the Reavers and Pierce X
24 impales Logan on a tree branch but
Laura shoots the adamantium bullet into
his head killing him severely wounded
Logan tells Laura to not be the weapon
that she was made to be Laura addresses
him as father and Logan dies the
children hold a burial and Laura turns
the cross on Logan's grave to its side
to create an X before they continue
their journey so that was a spoilers for
Logan if you have a film you'd like to
see me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out Louise Blair
alerts on the various forms of social
media and remember to Like and subscribe
thanks for watching